When I was in my 40’s, I was divorced,
I had three younger kids at home,
I was working three jobs,
and I had drifted away from the congregation.
I had an acquaintance who was telling me
that I was in a cult
and that I needed to look
at some information that he had.
When I was about 30 years old,
a fellow employee saw
that I was one of Jehovah’s Witnesses
and was trying to access jw.org.
He told me about someone
he knew in another country
who could prove to me
that Jehovah’s Witnesses
didn’t have the truth.
That made me curious,
and little by little, I was persuaded to look
at apostate material.
I was born and raised in the truth,
chose to dedicate myself to Jehovah
at the age of 16,
but I began to associate with people
who had either formerly been associated
with the truth
or were very loosely associated
with Jehovah and his organization,
and that’s really where the apostasy
began to take root.
As I was reading this literature,
I saw through it to an extent,
but when you’re drifting away,
you’re looking for a reason not to believe.
I began to feed my mind
with different philosophies, different ideas.
I even studied different religions.
And, you know, I told myself
that I was doing that academically,
but it started to influence the way
that I thought and felt about things.
Eventually, the elders reached out to me.
I was very combative with those brothers.
I even made the accusation
that Noah’s ark was
a fairy tale,
that it was part of mythology.
Those apostate doubts that I was reading
kept going deeper and deeper into my heart.
I stopped reading the publications,
I stopped going to the meetings,
and as a result,
my spiritual routine was dead.
So I thought I’d try to find truth elsewhere.
And I looked for something out there that was
in accord with what I knew the Bible taught.
But I couldn’t find anything.
One Sunday morning,
I rode by the Kingdom Hall,
and I said to myself,
‘Oh, they’re all in there
waiting for Armageddon.’
Immediately when I thought that thought,
I said to myself:
‘Well, at least they
feel good about themselves.
How do you feel?’
And the answer was I felt terrible.
Eventually, by skillful use of the Scriptures
and just reasoning with me,
the elders got me to realize
that I had been ‘carried off’
or that I had been ‘taken captive’
by human philosophy,
by the deceptions
and the empty reasoning of men.
I actually said a prayer;
I supplicated Jehovah
that he would really show me
the way to the truth.
And he took away
this feeling of emptiness,
spiritually speaking.
I realized that a relationship with Jehovah
—that’s our most precious possession.
I had to get back.
I started to study the Bible with sincerity.
I wanted it to affect my mind and my heart,
and I wanted it to effect
change in my behavior.
Now as I did that,
I felt Jehovah blessing those efforts.
He began to help me
to rebuild that relationship with him.
So I began to use Jehovah’s name.
Speaking about Jehovah became a wonderful joy
and a great pleasure to me.
And the result was that my ministry
was very productive.
And it’s an amazing joy
to be able to help someone
come to love Jehovah.
I was just so happy
to be back under Jehovah’s wings
and have that peace of mind.
How loving Jehovah is!
He wants to help us.
And what better helper could we have?
He’s the best in the universe.